docs: document cds.drafts.enforceReadonly and the @readonly bypass hint (#2790)
cap-js/docs: java/fiori-drafts.md

During activation the draft data is deleted from the database. This happens before the active entity is created or updated within the same transaction.
In case the create or update operation raises an error, the transaction is rolled back and the draft data is restored.

## Read-Only Fields in Drafts { #readonly-in-drafts }

By default, `@readonly` and `@Core.Computed` fields are only enforced when a draft is activated, that means during the `CREATE` or `UPDATE` event on the active entity. Until then, such fields can still be changed on the draft, for example through an OData `PATCH` request.

> To enforce these annotations on the draft already, during the `DRAFT_NEW` and `DRAFT_PATCH` events, set the [`cds.drafts.enforceReadonly`](./developing-applications/properties#cds-drafts-enforcereadonly) property (default `false`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enforce these annotations on the draft even before activation, during the `DRAFT_NEW` and `DRAFT_PATCH` events, set the [`cds.drafts.enforceReadonly`](./developing-applications/properties#cds-drafts-enforcereadonly) property (default `false`):
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe it doesn't even need the "even" :)

```suggestion
To enforce these annotations on the draft before activation, during the `DRAFT_NEW` and `DRAFT_PATCH` events, set the [`cds.drafts.enforceReadonly`](./developing-applications/properties#cds-drafts-enforcereadonly) property (default `false`):
```
